Nicolas: I remember loving the fuck out of that game
Nicolas: like 2 years ago!
Lambdanaut: yeah it's pretty enjoyable
Lambdanaut: just started playing
Lambdanaut: I heard a lot of good things about it
Lambdanaut: how're you doing?
Nicolas: grrrrrrrrrreat
Nicolas: I'm writing scripts in haskell that write C++ for me at work because C++ makes no sense
Lambdanaut: haha that's kinda hilarious
Lambdanaut: can you put the code somewhere?
Nicolas: no because it belongs to EA
Nicolas: but it's nothing especially amazing
Lambdanaut: you're working for EA now?
Lambdanaut: my co-worker worked at EA red storm in Raleigh for a few years
Nicolas: I'm working at EA sports in vancouver
Lambdanaut: 8o
Lambdanaut: that's really fucking cool
Lambdanaut: part-time, or did you grad?
Nicolas: it's a work term
Nicolas: 8 months
Lambdanaut: oh nice
Lambdanaut: I was talking about you today actually
Lambdanaut: I was takling to kabikku/Adri and mentioned that if my dream job would be quitting where I work now and doing a video game startup with you, Cat as the
 artistic talent, her as the creative talent, and you as the lead software engineer. And I guess I'd do a little bit of everything.
Lambdanaut: Too bad that would never ever happen
Lambdanaut: but it's a cool thought.
Lambdanaut: I'm typing like shit atm because I just ran 5 miles and did some weights and my arms are killing me.
Nicolas: something like that could happen eventually, who knows
Nicolas: startups have more and more success these days in games
Lambdanaut: Yeah. I think we'd have a good chance, since we're not fucking idiots.
Lambdanaut: i'm reading Masters of Doom atm
Lambdanaut: it's about John Carmack and Romero and the founding of id software and it really got me re-inspired to do a startup
Nicolas: "since we're not fucking idiots" is pretty often the first thing people say a few months before a terrible failure
Lambdanaut: Yeah, but the guys that succeed often say it too!
Lambdanaut: Or so I've learned!
Lambdanaut: I think if I go into it saying "we're fucking idiots, good luck to us!" we'd probably be pretty doomed
Lambdanaut: ;;
Nicolas: I mean, you can't base your success on your ego
Lambdanaut: ye
Nicolas: and none of you has ever shipped a game
Lambdanaut: Not a game, but I've shipped and worked on other software projects.
Lambdanaut: That's a good point though. I think working on a long-term game will be my next project. I've been putting it off for a while but I really need to get
 to work on it.
Nicolas: "long-term" aka never ever finished because finishing games is really hard work
Lambdanaut: My problem is that I write the basic engine for a game so many times, and I always lose inspiration shortly after, and then the process continues.
Lambdanaut: Haha
Lambdanaut: YOU'RE STILL A PESSIMISTIC DICK.
Nicolas: dude I think my health is permanently damaged from finaling on some projects at my last company
Nicolas: it's hard
Lambdanaut: really? How? 8(
Lambdanaut: was that a hyperbole or are you really kinda fucked ?
Nicolas: I didn't use to feel like shit all the time until that job
Nicolas: dunno dude I've been exploring literally the limits of how much the human body can actually keep programming/studying for
Lambdanaut: That's interesting
Lambdanaut: I had the exact same experience
Lambdanaut: Drawrawr did the same thing to me
Lambdanaut: I'm only just now recovering over the past few weeks. My current job is much more lenient, but it took me over a year to get to this point.
Nicolas: some days I have to just do nothing
Lambdanaut: ME TOO
Nicolas: even if I'm bored
Nicolas: if I keep going my vision starts getting blurry and I get crazy vertigo and have trouble breathing
Nicolas: went to the hospital for that once
Lambdanaut: holy shit
Lambdanaut: I haven't had it nearly that bad
Lambdanaut: but I'll get headaches and it feels painful to think at all
Lambdanaut: I've been really "zen" if that makes sense. That's what got me out of it.
Nicolas: I'm zen all the time, but it happens anyways
Lambdanaut: Do you drink soday?
Lambdanaut: soda*
Nicolas: never
Lambdanaut: sounds like it's really just totally the work load
Nicolas: yah man
Nicolas: working 8-9 hours
Nicolas: then going home and reading about compilers until midnight
Nicolas: can only keep doing that for so long
Lambdanaut: I'd schedule some more time for yourself to chill. If you don't meditate, It's really great. It's the #1 thing I recommend to people in fucked up
 stressful situations.
Lambdanaut: unless you already do. If you haven't before, I realize it sounds kinda like woo-ey bullshit, but I'm not kidding, it's great. Probably the biggest
 reason I can actually get work done anymore.
Nicolas: well, I know I have to do it, but I have to convince myself to actually put the time aside to
Lambdanaut: yeah, that's the tough part lmao ;;
Lambdanaut: but damn, I am really sorry to hear you're stressed out like that.
Nicolas: I think I did have a revelation recently
Lambdanaut: oh?
Nicolas: the stress in my mind keeps accumulating until I just lie down and accept things as they are
Nicolas: some problems just don't need to be solved
Lambdanaut: that almost sounds like meditation actually
Nicolas: pretty much
Lambdanaut: well do more of that...
Nicolas: on the other hand, the compilers book is awesome
Lambdanaut: the dragon book?
Nicolas: yes
Nicolas: it's sooooooo clear in its explanations
Lambdanaut: I've always wanted to read that
Nicolas: half of it is the equivalent of undergraduate material and the second half is graduate
Nicolas: so even if it looks menacing, you don't have to read the whole thing to get a really really good understanding of the topic
Lambdanaut: I think I could maybe pick it up. I've written interpreters before
Nicolas: it really starts from scratch assuming you just know how to program in C or Java or something
Nicolas: there's a lot of pictures and diagrams
Nicolas: and there's fun exercises
Nicolas: the pages are small
Nicolas: it repeats the same information in many different ways without losing usefulness
Nicolas: the other day I had a question about something I read so I threw it out in the #D IRC channel and andrei himself answered me
Nicolas: I thought that was cool
Nicolas: it's something that doesn't happen for lots of other languages
Lambdanaut: is Andrei the original D language dev?
Nicolas: nah, walter bright is
Lambdanaut: well I'll assume Andrei is pretty important than vOv
Lambdanaut: I'm not very familiar with the D community
Nicolas: andrei is a researcher at facebook
Nicolas: but he's also taken charge of a lot of D stuff
Nicolas: his role is pretty close to Walter at this point
Nicolas: sorry I'm just going off on a tangent right now
Nicolas: tl;dr I appreciate haskell's mindset
Lambdanaut: (one second)
Lambdanaut: sorry, Cat was telling me about a show she saw.
Lambdanaut: Yeah I feel the same way
Lambdanaut: also it sucks that at my job a lot of the stuff that my Haskell gland tells me to do isn't allowed there
Lambdanaut: like most things in PHP that require a higher order function are looked down upon because they're "too complicated"
Nicolas: haha yeah it's like spidey sense. haskell's good for that too.
Nicolas: ahh
Lambdanaut: WELP, I'm gonna pop offline for a while. TTYL 8)
Lambdanaut: Nice talking to you though, honestly. It's refreshing hearing more from programmers. Let's talk more often if we can.
Lambdanaut: ALSO WE KINDA HAVE A PAST AND ALL. I mean we met when we were 13
Lambdanaut: but yeah. afk nigga. L8r
Nicolas: yeah MAN!
Nicolas: ok ttyl

